hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be vlogging so I'm about to film put my
contacts in I always find that the light
reflects of my glasses so it's quite
bright today I think that's gonna happen
so a minute contacts are installed today
is quite busy I'm excited today I think
it's gonna be really good fun so we're
going to a Christmas market with some
really close family friends you've
probably seen for the severity in quite
a few of my vlogs so basically we're
going to a Christmas market but then at
a National Trust property and then in
the evening I'm going to the bonfire
slash fireworks night at my old school
which I'm so excited for so that's my
plan for today it's currently 12 o'clock
but we're leaving for the National Trust
property at 12 so I'm gonna film now
quickly I need to send out an email
about something for my ot budding
campaign and then I guess we're gonna be
off
what's the weather like tomorrow
hopefully sunny in a cloudy but Sun so
that we can have fireworks and a bonfire
oh it looks like it might start being
sunny by 11:00 tomorrow we might be in
love I really really really want to have
a bonfire night with the glamping
glamping dumping crude it camping crew
or camping
[Music]
[Applause]
so we just went and got some sparklers
we got some monster ones okay five
months to ones then we got normal ones
to you oh no no these aren't normal ones
these are giant doesn't know
[Applause]
[Music]
he's cafe
Egon
[Music]
so we're very in their leader and I've
been a very noisy car at the moment if
you can't tell
[Music]
but look at that that's exactly William
thank you so much thank you so much have
a nice day
[Music]
oh that's taking and if I wear
market oh okay and what's really nice is
really Christmassy yeah there are so
many lights every way no no we're not
the only ones obsessed with Christmas
and know that oh so many oh yeah
don't know parking left yeah even though
it was pouring rain and the weather is
so nice today right yeah it makes it
even better though because like you know
all the one reads me so much better when
it's raining spice my attorney smells
like Christmas
we found a maraca I was like should I
charge it like oh it's like wet oh
that's perfect screaming they're just
around the whole thing it's so so
Christmassy and beautiful and it's the
best thing to do as a start of November
I think because it extends the Christmas
season and you can't help but love
Christmas
these are beeswax food wraps you can use
them for looking after your food you
just squish them up and it protects your
food a pack of them so you've got a
smaller medium and larger they are
organic cotton and they're infused with
beeswax
the beeswax makes multi bacterial so
they're a really hygienic way of looking
after your food and you don't need to
use any plastic guitar like
[Music]
how is it for the steed it's very nice
very Christmas
thanks again first taste taste us
Oh creepy exactly there are these
speakers and swings swinging by them but
actually a swing to you myself like what
is done yeah November with party yeah
I'll take the honors students so we're
currently walking down the path which we
were just told dogs aren't allowed down
but we're already halfway down illegally
yeah we're already halfway down the path
so we might as my carry-on I just don't
know why this creepy music is I don't
know yeah there's like all these
speakers around and they're just like
laying now it's more cheery but
it's like creepy because when we were
walking through the woods it was like
becoming dark
it's carry back that it was like really
creepy music
I mean we're meant to be a Christmas
market right now okay so we're walking
down to the shop and the tree looks oh
sorry the tree looks like really close
there's bits of light in it leading up
to you
marry now so you might have failed to
hear anything
it makes this massive China of like
light I know it's supposed to represent
like Iowa from from fine eyes
for instance so confused
Christmas and I am between foam fire and
Christmas I can't tell which one is
supposed to be wasted dad's can't give
it
[Laughter]
this is cool
[Music]
where they'll so cool
excuse me
[Music]
we're just typing up a blood storm only
now it was such a lovely afternoon
lovely dad did you enjoy yourself yeah
hey I'm uncle Gus and I gots where is it
I can't find it I can only see the well
I got something I'll show you later
[Music]
my dad has just asked me to he said
there's a bottle of gin in his room and
all of his coats but I can't see coats
anywhere mom I can't find dad's coats
[Music]
pudding that mum and I going to share
yes but before that I just need to
quickly bring down this tray of glasses
to the end of the garden ready for later
Ronnie I'm not even a vegan and it's
good vegan freaks of nature chocolate
pudding and this ice cream it's the best
ice cream
it's nearly 7 o'clock which means that
everyone's going to be arriving very
shortly which obviously votes about you
sure I can bring them down you know so
this evening we've got some of our
glamping group coming
we don't have everyone because
unfortunately were mentioned on Friday
night and then the cares of the rain it
was literally raining from sex through
to tan and that something like the exact
times we were about to be doing it so
sorry it's pretty dark
instead we're doing it this evening but
two of the four families can come but
that's still gonna be already a button
so you've got this team barity and then
Alfie and Alan fireworks later as well
[Music]
I'm always looking at myself in the
camera that's what the right thing is
Emily it's easier to talk to her face
which is why I think you normally the
part so there's nothing wrong yeah we're
in a bonfire like I want to a fireworks
display Friday last Friday and and no
loads of different firework to it's
really cool there Dean Kate can we
messed it up already
[Music]
we love violet northey's sponsored by
coca-cola
[Music]
[Applause]
okay it's currently 9:30 and everyone's
now left for the bonfire so apart from
Arthur's friend Ewan potentially we're
going to go in the hot tub this evening
because my dad got heats up this evening
ready for tonight so that we could go in
because I think it would be so cool to
go in the hot tub when it's freezing
cold outside because we've only ever
gone in during the summer yeah so
hopefully I'm going to do that but I'm
going to get changed into my pajamas now
and then if we do go something we go
swimming and if we don't we don't I
didn't give you an outfit of the day
because I think it would be so much fun
okay so we just got out of the hot tub
it's currently 20 to 11 and I'm going to
watch the 8 passengers daily vlog and
then I'm going to go to bed I had such a
wonderful wonderful weekend I'm actually
staying at home until tomorrow evening
so I'm going home early tomorrow evening
/ late afternoon I'm basically spending
the whole day at my old school and I'm
so so excited to see everyone thank you
so much for watching this video I hope
that you enjoyed it and have a
productive week